introducing the DCP 76 TD designed with
small office and home office users in
mind the brother DCP 76 TD laser
multifunction copier features fast high
quality output automatic duplex printing
and flexible paper handling its small
compact footprint complements virtually
any environment
with fast print and copy speeds you can
produce high-quality documents quickly
and easily
it's automatic duplex print feature
helps save paper and reduce costs this
multifunction copier has an adjustable
paper tray and a manual feed slot for
thicker media like envelopes
it offers convenient walk-up copying
with automatic duplex for producing
two-sided output and high quality color
scanning with a variety of scan 2
features a high yield replacement toner
cartridge helps lower your operating
costs and you can use a toner save mode
for less critical business documents
plus it offers n + 1 printing and
copying to help save paper consistent
with brothers commitment to the
environment a program we call Brother
Earth the DCP 760d features a number of
eco friendly features please visit the
Brother Earth website for more
information both online support and toll
free technical support all for the life
of your brother product from Brother at
your side